Documents experimental-declarative-modules feature (#3953)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/module.md

[#1517](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/issues/1517#issuecomment-808664021).

It is not necessary to add `#[pymodule]` on nested modules, which is only required on the top-level module.

## Declarative modules (experimental)

> An other syntax based on Rust inline modules is also available to declare modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another syntax based on Rust inline modules is also available to declare modules.
```

Author: Thank you! Done.

The `experimental-declarative-modules` feature must be enabled to use it.

> 

Reviewer: Should we briefly note what might be subject to change before we call this ready? I guess mostly it is the submodule automatically going to `sys.modules` and also the setting of `#[pyclass(module = ....)]`.

We could also add a link to the issue.

(And I guess we thought we might change the attribute names, though I'm feeling quite happy about those.)

Author: Done: 6b31c398939662e77c06dc17803919ba229c1b98

BTW, sorry for my English, as you can see it's not my native language
